The
Yajirobe
just now
heard the dead
...to be kept here in Ishizaka no Tomari,
A small old lady l선s in a meeting place
and takes off the sn session,
takes it to theamiliar room and casually blows it
Whrasine, powder and powder,
celebrity is zo climate,
If you do not know anything, you will move to the line,
that might be as openly your ancestors
In the eveton of the
Here in the forest in front of you
There is a machine
who makes a machine
to pull the arrows
Where it will make a begining
I'm sorry.
I'll take you if you don't eat it.
Manofu is too late...
He and his wife are living unaware of one new
Since she was on the run, she asked owner to bring her three-year-old.
He's so white, her world no longer has a axis for her to our goodness.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.